Welcome back everybody.
So today we're going to go ahead and begin expanding our application.
So when you go on to the accounts and when you click on one of the accounts you're going to get something
like this.
So you will have transactions basically it will have the value of a transaction.
If the money came in or if the money went out the transactions will have dates and they will have some
sort of description signed placed in some random descriptions here so something something else.
Bills paid.
And in addition to that transactions will also have some sort of tags that you wish to put into them.
So the tag for this transaction is for example bills electricity or something like that.
And then it gives you the total balance of the account here as well.
OK.
So let's have a look at our files.
I'm just going to go ahead and close these Ok the first one that we're going to take a look is transaction
modeled out here.
So we will need to create a transaction folder where we will store everything that is related to the
transactions and within it we will have the transaction modeled out.
Yes as you can see and transaction that service thius so transaction model is fairly straight forward.
And basically we just create a class transaction and exported all the fields down below and this class
will be public.
That is the as that is a model and the whole point of them being here is so that they could actually
be used elsewhere.
So they need to be accessible.
Now you have the ID there you have some sort of a variable ID of type string.
This will be the ID of the transaction itself.
And you have the value.
So this represents the value of a transaction means that basically money the minus will mean that the
money went away and the plus that the money came in.
So as you can see if there is no minus if its green like this.
Thats not a plus if its green or if its like this.
The money came in.
But if there is a minus and if its read the money went away gone anyway.
General transaction description will be down below.
So we have a description variable which is of type String thats just some general description for the
transaction that is right here.
And of course we need the we need the we need the dates to be recorded for every transaction.
So you have the dates here listed as well and we got words you have tags which I have which are to the
right.
So Ive just placed in some random tax but you can play some whatever you want there as well.
This is so that you can better trace the transactions and down below you have the account ID.
So we also need to bind the transaction to a particular account and we will do that by using the account
ID of course you have to create the transaction folder first.
As I said before and then these two files within it hopefully by now you know how to create this transaction
folder is in the account folder.
So now let me just go and check this
its India folder.
Yep my bad.
Sorry I just get confused with a lot of things that are currently opened up.
So the transaction folder is in the app folder.
And within it you have these two files which you need to create which hopefully by this point of time
you know how to do anyway.
Now the transaction service starts yes you have well not a bigger file here but hey it's not it's it's
just there a lot of new code that needs to be written.
Let me just do this.
So many better ways of doing this but I am going to be very lazy.
And maybe I won't.
Hold on let me just format this a little bit so that it's a little bit more clear as to what is it exactly
that is being done here.
Actually I don't need these.
It's just need to do this.
And now I need it in dance which was just a part of me but well I'm just going to do this as well and
separate all the fields to the new lines.
And I see it looks a little bit better.
You can agree or disagree with me either way.
Ops didn't see this one.
So here and here and the other one kind of makes me wonder why I didn't do this before.
I don't know I guess when you're writing the code that you are alone you are reading it right in a very
different way from when you're writing it for other people to actually see.
So that was my fixation
should be it aside from this one.
There we go.
So let's go.
Let's go over this file now so you have the injectable decorator up injectable decorator up here which
we have used before.
So this decorator is needed in order to create services in order to be able to inject them into components.
And this is the transaction model that we just basically made so the transaction market model Ts account.
This is all this is already familiar from before except for using the double dot here which I've explained
before.
It means that we are reverting one directory back.
So we're just creating a shortened path here because we have to exit the transaction folder and then
go looking for the account and account or model
anyway moving on downwards we are making this class inject injectable.
Basically we're just adding a decorator to a class to declare it injectable just as we basically did
before.
The previous to Torrijos so just export class and the class name is transaction service.
Now that below there is a private variable.
So since we at the moment do not really have a database this array will represent the transactions that
we have and the service will pool the data from it later we'll add a database.
But for the time being I'm just going to use this array as sort of a simulation of a database so to
say.
So this transaction does is this is like transactions.
And then you have you have an array transaction you have a variable transactions private one of type
array.
And basically in it we will store the information in regard to the transaction.
So Id here is one.
So this is the ID of the transaction itself.
The value is 50 as you can see the value is 50.
It's one and you have the description which is something and then you have the date.
And this is something you hear so create.
We are creating a new object here to basically initializing the date and time which will be set by default
to the current date.
And that's why it's 19.
Oh my God it's 19.
Today I have a terrible I have a terrible orientation and time wise.
If you agree to meet with me at 5:00 you will be lucky if I arrive by 7:00 or something like that.
I arrive two hours later two hours early which is a which is a cause for a lot of funny scenes and a
lot of rage anyway.
Yeah.
Down below just some tags you can add tags here I just added some random tag some something it doesn't
really matter if you want to add multiple tags just separated by a coma as demonstrated here and this
account ID so we will tie this to the account with the ID 1 which is basically our first account that
we created.
And the other two are exactly the same pretty much except this one is actually a minus.
And the other two are actually like some money that came in and this is the money that went away.
Next up we have this function a public method basically.
So this is used to get all the transactions from some account basically as a parameter base as it takes
it takes actually the account ID as a parameter.
So we are sending the ID of the account and it will return a promise in a form of an array of transept
of transactions.
And down below we are using the previously utilized syntax for a promise.
So you have resolve and reject as parameters of an error syntax function although reject will not be
used at all and only the resolve will be used.
So we'll just go ahead and resolve this straight away because there is no case when it will not be resolved
transaction.
Basically here this is transactions.
This is our array.
Me just go ahead and show it to you.
You see transactions.
This is our array of filter is the method of the array.
A built in method which will return and your way in which we will have elements from the from the array
of elements from which the arrow function return true.
So to say I know I messed that up whereby as soon as it came out of my mouth I realized that there was
something messed up anyway.
You have a filter here.
And so the filter says OK I will create a new array.
And in that array I will store all the elements from the previous array for which this function actually
returns true.
And what happens here is that this is an arrow function again and you have Tran which is basically a
parameter that will also be the element that we're looking into.
And we are then checking that with this.
So then we're checking is the account ID of this transaction equal to the past account ID if the result
of this can be the result of this comparison will be returned.
So if true that will be stored in the new array.
If not it won't basically and down below like with the account service before we will export to this
variable.
So we will export this variable so transaction service providers that contains all the needed providers
for this service.
Although this is strictly not necessary at this point in time trust me just included this does prevent
a lot of troubleshooting later on if it problems do occur.
Anyway better farewell and hope to see you in the follow up to Torito.